Consolidate "What is SecureDrop" with the Index page (#812)
freedomofpress/securedrop-docs: docs/introduction/history.rst

`contributing to SecureDrop <https://developers.securedrop.org/en/latest/contributing.html>`_
and by making `a donation <https://freedom.press/donate>`_.

Our work would not be possible without the larger open source community.
Below are some of the key projects that make SecureDrop possible, and which
we encourage you to support.

`Tor <https://www.torproject.org/>`_
   Provides the foundation for the anonymizing network that allows Sources,
   Journalists, and Administrators to maintain their privacy while connecting
   to SecureDrop.

`Qubes OS <https://www.qubes-os.org>`_
   The backbone of SecureDrop Workstation. FPF has directly sponsored Qubes OS
   development; consider `donating to Qubes OS <https://www.qubes-os.org/donate/>`_.

`Weblate <https://weblate.org/>`_
   Enables our volunteer community to translate SecureDrop into many languages.
   You can `donate to support Weblate development <https://weblate.org/en/donate/>`_.

`Localization Lab <https://www.localizationlab.org/>`_
   Supports the translation of SecureDrop into many languages. Consider
   `donating to their work <https://www.localizationlab.org/donate>`_.

`Python <https://www.python.org/>`_

>    The primary programming language used in SecureDrop. You can support it by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A significant amount of SecureDrop is written in the Python programming language. You can support it by
```
